Create example on how to use protected cache. (#562)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: examples/dataservice-example/CMakeLists.txt

# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
# License-Filename: LICENSE

set(OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET dataservice-example)

> set(OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_SUCCESS_STRING "Publish Successfull")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_SUCCESS_STRING "Example is successfully finished")
```
This string was displaying for the user when the example finished execution. Before your changes, it displayed different message depending on the example being run. 

So, now, it is needed to change the message in more general way... Maybe in future we will create richer UI

> set(OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_FAILURE_STRING "Publish Failed!")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_FAILURE_STRING "Example is finished with errors!")
```
or something similar...

elseif(ANDROID)
    include(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/../helpers/cmake/gen_android_example.cmake.in)

    set(OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_NAME "dataservice_example")
    set(OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_JNI_NAME "dataservice_1example")
    gen_android_example_application(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET}
                                    ${OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_NAME}
                                    ${OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_JNI_NAME}
                                    ${OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_SUCCESS_STRING}
                                    ${OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_FAILURE_STRING})

else()
    project(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET} VERSION 1.1.0)
    add_executable(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET}
    ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/Examples.h
    ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/WriteExample.cpp
    ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/ReadExample.cpp
    ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/ProtectedCacheExample.cpp)

    target_sources(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET} PUBLIC ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/main.cpp)

    target_link_libraries(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET}
    olp-cpp-sdk-authentication
    olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read

>     olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-write

Author: changed

elseif(ANDROID)
    include(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/../helpers/cmake/gen_android_example.cmake.in)

    set(OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_NAME "dataservice_example")
    set(OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_JNI_NAME "dataservice_1example")
    gen_android_example_application(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET}
                                    ${OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_NAME}
                                    ${OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_PACKAGE_JNI_NAME}
                                    ${OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_SUCCESS_STRING}
                                    ${OLP_SDK_EXAMPLE_FAILURE_STRING})

else()
	project(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET} VERSION 1.1.0)

	add_executable(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET}
	 ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/Examples.h
	 ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/WriteExample.cpp
	 ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/ReadExample.cpp
	 ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/ProtectedCacheExample.cpp)

	target_sources(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET} PUBLIC ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/main.cpp)

	target_link_libraries(${OLP_SDK_DATASERVICE_EXAMPLE_TARGET}
	olp-cpp-sdk-authentication
	olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read
	olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-write
	)

> endif()

Reviewer 2: There are tabs in here. I suggest auto-formatting the whole file
